Some note touchups (#201)
dalek-cryptography/bulletproofs: docs/notes.md

inner product with \\({\mathbf{a}}\_{L}\\) on the left, \\({\mathbf{a}}\_{R}\\) on
the right, and non-secret terms factored out. Let's call the left-hand side of the single inner product equation "unblinded" \\({\mathbf{l}(x)}\\) and the right-hand side "unblinded" \\({\mathbf{r}(x)}\\), such that 
\\[
\begin{aligned}
\text{unblinded } \mathbf{l}(x) &= {\mathbf{a}}\_{L} - z {\mathbf{1}} \\\\
\text{unblinded } \mathbf{r}(x) &= {\mathbf{y}}^{n} \circ ({\mathbf{a}}\_{R} + z {\mathbf{1}}) + z^{2} {\mathbf{2}}^{n} \\\\
z^{2}v + \delta(y,z) &= {\langle \text{unblinded } \mathbf{l}(x), \text{unblinded } \mathbf{r}(x) \rangle}
\end{aligned}
\\]

Blinding the inner product
--------------------------

The prover cannot send the left and right vectors in
the single inner-product equation (unblinded \\({\mathbf{l}(x)}\\) and \\({\mathbf{r}(x)}\\)) to the verifier without revealing information
about the value \\(v\\), and since the inner-product argument is not
zero-knowledge, they cannot be used there either.

Instead, the prover chooses vectors of blinding factors
\\[
{\mathbf{s}}\_{L}, {\mathbf{s}}\_{R} \\;{\xleftarrow{\\$}}\\; {\mathbb Z\_p}^{n},
\\]

> and uses them to construct blinded vector polynomials from unblinded \\({\mathbf{l}(x)}\\) and \\({\mathbf{r}(x)}\\):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and uses them to construct blinded vector polynomials from the unblinded vector polynomials \\({\mathbf{l}(x)}\\) and \\({\mathbf{r}(x)}\\):
```
small repetition for clarity

Aggregated Range Proof
======================

The goal of an _aggregated range proof_ is to enable a group of parties to produce proofs of their individual statements
(individual range proofs for the corresponding value commitments), that can be aggregated in a more compact proof.

> This is made efficient due to a logarithmic size of the inner-product protocol: an aggregated range proof for \\(m\\)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is more efficient due to the logarithmic size of the inner-product protocol: an aggregated range proof for \\(m\\)
```
